Known as the idyllic holiday destination,
sunny Hawaii has something for everyone-
from beautiful beaches, a great culture and
stunning seaside accommodation, guests are
guaranteed the ultimate getaway.
HotelsCombined, the world leader in hotel
price comparison presents Hawaii’s Top 10
Hotels.
Nestled on the coast of Hawaii's "Garden Island"
is the St Regis Princeville.
With access to beach, pool, spa and golf course,
it's the ultimate place to wind down and forget
about your stresses.
Stay in a two-storeyed villa at the Four Seasons
Hualalai for one of Hawaii's most romantic
escapes.
With couples spa packages, beach front dining
and water activities to enjoy together, you'll
quickly forget about everyone and anything
else.
For those looking for more of a cultural holiday,
the Moana Surfrider on Waikiki Beach, offers
daily historical tours of Moana as well ukulele
lessons.
Being home to Waikiki’s first and only beachfront
spa makes it worth the visit too.
With its own white-sand beach, Honolulu's
Kahala Hotel offers a slice of tranquillity
just 10 minutes away from the bustle of the
town centre.
Known for its grace and sheer beauty, the
resort is often visited by presidents and
royalty.
The Resort Lodge at Koele is the place to
stay for adventurous types.
With onsite horse riding, archery and golf
as well as nearby 4x4 excursions, hiking trails
and bicycle routes, there's no excuse not
to get active.
Five-star Halekulani is one of the most sublime
resorts in Hawaii.
A favoured option for honeymooners, the beachside
hotel enjoys unobstructed views of the famous
Diamond Head volcanic crater.
The Four Seasons resort is the largest hotel
complex in Maui.
Flanked by the beautiful Hawaiian seas and
the imposing Haleakala mountain, it's the
perfect place to admire the island's beauty.
Lounging and lazing is the name of the game
at Kapalua Ritz-Carlton too.
Top up your tan by the 10,000 square-foot
pool, which is spread over three levels, and
with twice that space devoted to sun chairs
and shaded gazebos, there's always space available.
Beachside Grand Wailea makes best use of its
seaside position.
Start the day with beach yoga, then sign up
for a SCUBA programme or go your own way with
the beach club's snorkel gear.
Guided kayak tours along South Maui’s pristine
coastline are also available.
For the ultimate Hawaiian experience, a stay
at the Hilton Waikoloa offers sunset dining,
dolphin encounters and traditional Hawaiian
luaus.
Canal boats are also used to get around the
62-acre oceanfront resort, to visit one of
the three pools, the onsite spa or one of
the 14 dining options.